## Threats to Internet Services
There are many essential technical services needed for a network, and ultimately the Internet, to operate. These services include `routing`, `addressing`, `domain naming`, and `database management`. These services also serve as prime targets for cyber criminals.

Criminals use packet-sniffing tools to capture data streams over a network. This means that all sensitive data, like usernames, passwords and credit card numbers, are at risk. Packet sniffers work by monitoring and recording all information coming across a network. Criminals can also use rogue devices, such as unsecured Wi-Fi access points. If the criminal sets this up near a public place, such as a coffee shop, unsuspecting individuals may sign on and the packet sniffer copies their personal information.

Domain Name Service (DNS) translates a domain name, such as www.facebook.com, into its numerical IP address. If a DNS server does not know the IP address, it will ask another DNS server. With DNS spoofing (or DNS cache poisoning), the criminal introduces false data into a DNS resolver’s cache. These poison attacks exploit a weakness in the DNS software that causes the DNS servers to redirect traffic for a specific domain to the criminal’s computer, instead of the legitimate owner of the domain.

Packets transport data across a network or the Internet. Packet forgery (or packet injection) interferes with an established network communication by constructing packets to appear as if they are part of a communication. Packet forgery allows a criminal to disrupt or intercept packets. This process enables the criminal to hijack an authorized connection or denies an individual’s ability to use certain network services. Cyber professionals call this a man-in-the-middle attack.
