## Types of Organizational Data

### Traditional Data

+ Corporate data includes personnel information, intellectual properties, and financial data. 
+ The personnel information includes application materials, payroll, offer letters, employee agreements, and 
+ any information used in making employment decisions. Intellectual property, such as patents, trademarks and 
+ new product plans, allows a business to gain economic advantage over its competitors. 
+ This intellectual property can be considered a trade secret; 
+ losing this information can be disastrous for the future of the company. 
+ The financial data, such as income statements, balance sheets, and 
+ cash flow statements of a company gives insight into the health of the company.

### Internet of Things and Big Data

+ With the emergence of the Internet of Things (IoT), 
+ there is a lot more data to manage and secure. 
+ IoT is a large network of physical objects, such as sensors and equipment that extend beyond the traditional computer network. 
+ All these connections, plus the fact that we have expanded storage capacity and 
+ storage services through the cloud and virtualization, lead to the exponential growth of data. 
+ This data has created a new area of interest in technology and business called “Big Data". 
+ With the velocity, volume, and variety of data generated by the IoT and the daily operations of business, 
+ the confidentiality, integrity and availability of this data is vital to the survival of the organization.
